[shopsys] Google Cloud deploy using Terraform, Kustomize and Kubernetes (#633)
shopsys/shopsys: docs/kubernetes/deploy-your-application-to-google-cloud-on-your-ci-cd.md

# Deploy your application to Google Cloud on your CI/CD
This tutorial describes how to set up your CI/CD to deploy your application to Google Cloud.

For this example, we will be using Jenkins as our CI.

## Set up Google Cloud

First configure your account to allow deploy using APIs.

> ### Enable API

Reviewer: remove whole section since it is setup in https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/blob/mc-google-cloud-infrastructure/docs/kubernetes/set-up-google-cloud.md

Enable `Kubernetes engine API` so you can control resources and providers using Terraform.

![enabled-APIs](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39240194/49294075-324c0900-f4b2-11e8-8cab-bb72fd61046d.png)
Read more here:
https://cloud.google.com/apis/docs/enable-disable-apis

## Kubernetes Buildpack
To deploy a project to Google Cloud, you need a couple of technologies, to not bother users with installing these technologies, we created a [shopsys/kubernetes-buildpack](https://github.com/shopsys/kubernetes-buildpack) image, which can be used for deployment.

## Description of scripts included in Kubernetes Buildpack
### Deploy to Kubernetes

> Script used for building current state of and application into google cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Script used for building current state of an application into google cloud.
```

| DOCKER_PASSWORD                  | docker password
| FIRST_DOMAIN_HOSTNAME            | domain hostname for first domain - without http://
| SECOND_DOMAIN_HOSTNAME           | domain hostname for second domain - without http://
| FIRST_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY       | path to SSL certificates for first domain
| SECOND_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY      | path to SSL certificates for second domain
| PROJECT_ID                       | project id of your google project
| GIT_COMMIT                       | commit hash to build your images uniquely
| WORKSPACE                        | project root dir
| GOOGLE_CLOUD_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME | unique name for GCS bucket

#### Mounts

##### Docker Socket
Docker socket is used to build and push image of php-fpm.

```
-v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock
```

##### Terraform state
Terraform state mounted locally to be able to apply changes or destroy Terraform infrastructure.

```
-v ~/google-cloud/.terraform/tfstate:/tmp/infrastructure/google-cloud/tfstate
```

##### SSL Certificates
SSL certificates for secured protocol, mount these into folder of your choice that you choose by setting environment variable.

> In folder there need to be available these 3 files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Folder with certificates needs to contain these 3 files:
```

Author: Synonynum fixes? Lets go...

| `ca.crt`      | `ca_bundle.crt`

```
-v ~/path/to/certificates-1:$FIRST_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY
-v ~/path/to/certificates-2:$SECOND_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY
```

##### Google Account Service
Mount your service-account.json obtained from google-cloud

```
-v ~/google-cloud/service-account.json:/tmp/infrastructure/google-cloud/service-account.json \
```
#### Usage
Use Kubernetes buildpack with environment variable set:

```bash
docker run \
    -v $WORKSPACE:/tmp \
    -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock \
    -v ~/google-cloud/.terraform/tfstate:/tmp/infrastructure/google-cloud/tfstate \
    -v ~/google-cloud/service-account.json:/tmp/infrastructure/google-cloud/service-account.json \
    -v ~/path/to/certificates-1:$FIRST_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY \
    -v ~/path/to/certificates-2:$SECOND_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY \
    -e DOCKER_USERNAME \
    -e DOCKER_PASSWORD \
    -e GIT_COMMIT \
    -e GOOGLE_CLOUD_STORAGE_BUCKET_NAME \
    -e FIRST_DOMAIN_HOSTNAME \
    -e SECOND_DOMAIN_HOSTNAME \
    -e PROJECT_ID \
    -e FIRST_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY \
    -e SECOND_DOMAIN_SSL_DIRECTORY \
    --rm \
    shopsys/kubernetes-buildpack:0.2.0 \
    .ci/deploy-to-google-cloud.sh
```

> After running the script above, you will have your application running in Google Cloud and each deployment will be executed same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the script above, you will have your application running in Google Cloud and each deployment will be executed same way.
```
